Although there were faster planes
around, none of them could match the
endurance or cabin space of Concorde.
And so, Pierre asked legendary Concorde
test pilot Andre Turcat if he could use
Concorde to chase down the eclipse and
fill the plane with science equipment.
Aerospatiale, the French side of
Concorde, were excited about the idea
and let him use prototype 001 for the
flight with Turcat piloting the
aircraft. Since Concorde was going to
fly over the equator, the eclipse would
be directly above the aircraft, and so
holes were cut into the roof of Concorde
and special windows were installed to
give the scientists a clear view of the
eclipse. All of the seats were removed
from the cabin and the electrical supply
was modified to provide power to the
science instruments. After weeks of
modifications, the fastest science
observatory in the world was ready to
make history.